Feat/doc and test traced (#12791)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/opentracing.adoc

Hit `CTRL+C` to stop the application.

== Tracing additional methods

REST endpoints are automatically traced.
If you need to trace additional methods, you can use the `org.eclipse.microprofile.opentracing.Traced` annotation at class or method level.

This can be useful to trace incoming requests from non-REST calls (like request coming from a message) or to create spans inside a trace.

Here is an example of a `FrancophoneService` which methods are traced.

[code, java]
----
import javax.enterprise.context.ApplicationScoped;

import org.eclipse.microprofile.opentracing.Traced;

@Traced
@ApplicationScoped
public class FrancophoneService {

    public String bonjour() {
        return "bonjour";
    }
}
----

> NOTE: this is the best way to add OpenTracing capability to reactive messaging based application by adding the `Traced` annotation to all incoming methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: the best way to add OpenTracing capability to reactive messaging based applications is by adding the `Traced` annotation to all incoming methods.
```
